i thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy !
do not get your tattoos done here if you know what good tattoos are .
thank you again to every staff member at oasis animal clinic !
the spinning salad and the creamed spinach was good as well .
this place seemed fresh , not too greasy , and super delicious !
it really reminded me so much of what we had available back east .
the cheese cake is amazing and they have a great little bar inside .
gym not free for guests either , with its own charges .
we had our food served to us really fast , it was delicious .
the food and drinks are good and they have a great happy hour .
penn and teller were amazing , especially with front row seats !
they did a great job repairing my washing machine and ice maker .
the croissants were decent , but there was nothing particularly special about them .
crap fries , hard hamburger buns , burger tasted like crap !
the owners are very kind and create an open friendly environment .
they also have a huge selection of juices and health drinks .
awesome service , best stylists ever , great atmosphere , awesome location .
i love to come and wander around at least once a month .
also , there was n't a game to be had for under $ _num_ .
if they ever want to survive they need to do a _num_ degree turn .
the slices of pizza here are huge , and at a good price .
i did n't let them waste another second of my time .
i would rate this a _num_ star if i had an option .
i hate it when course management do n't bother to keep their reputation .
chips were stale , salsa below average and we had to ask for them .
with the hot and spicy chili , i was definitely full for lunch .
the food was decent to good ... service ( sergio ) was outstanding .
i paid $ _num_ for early check in and it was ready as promised .
the service was great , ambiance perfect , and of course the food !
purchased a number _num_ meal beef taco with enchilada and beans and rice .
the view entirely depends on where they seat you , however .
its much more of a fun experience than the other places in town .
everyone was super friendly , and helpful with food and drink suggestions .
they have a stunning showroom with so many options and choices to work with .
as many of you know , tips get your favorite songs played faster .
i found the best kept secret in mesa on valentines day .
btw the only saving grace to this whole experience was the very kind cashier .
kitchenette is equipped with plates , silverware , electric stove and refrigerator .
it was truly italian and huge - easily enough for _num_ .
we enjoyed our night together thanks to you and the staff tonight .
however , this is not the first time i became ill after eating here .
but i play craps and they have an _num_ second dice setting rule .
the management response to this review will not change our minds .
chicken katsu is basically breaded and fried chicken , rolled and sliced .
do n't you know that these are the real quiet hours in vegas ?
i found their work to be quality work and the price extremely fair .
we have been here _num_ times , and each time we are more impressed !
i 'm only giving _num_ so i can write this review .
people always compliment my nails when i have them done here .
they have very friendly service and always cut your hair like you ask .
clean , good value , nice staff , safe and secure .
oregano 's is probably my favorite restaurant in arizona so far !
love to sit and talk as they are big soccer fans .
i will never , i repeat never visit this establishment again .
we see the manager , george , walk by with the champagne .
my favorite part of my vegas trip was laying poolside and relaxing !
each time , whether i did mild or spicy the food has been great .
the manager here at this location is awesome she runs a good crew .
a/c worked well and tv had a lot of channels to choose from .
the service is sometimes slow but it is worth the wait .
somebody in the kitchen needs to know about that fish and chips dish .
i agree with other yelper 's - there are much better bbq places around .
it 's a good place to stay in vegas if you have kids .
most importantly , the slot machines in this hotel never ever pay back .
service was very friendly and we sat out on the patio .
every time i 've been here the food has been great .
he was brilliant ; i would go back and do other tours .
living room , bedroom , huge bathroom and a terrific view .
do n't go here unless you 're ok with mediocre service and terrible management .
we waited several minutes before being greeted by a rude young lady .
i mean the philly cheese steak at subway tasted better then this .
horrible waiters who complain about each other in front of patrons about their tips .
the food is delicious and unique and the staff is always awesome .
ok , so maybe i 'm coming off a bit strong here .
the homemade dough , which is a spiced butter milk is very tasty .
twice they broke a rim and once lost one of my center caps .
they have tasty ribs , sliders and pasta dishes to name a few .
i want subtle garlic as i would like to taste other flavors .
i was so excited to visit lon 's after reading the reviews .
it cost me and my friends $ _num_ each which is insanely cheap .
only offered one show and that was the tournament of kings .
ac problems all the time and the toilets are always clogged .
my favorite is the victoria cut or prime rib ( outback style ) .
flavorful food , fun drinks , accommodating staff , awesome atmosphere .
we 've been here multiple times and have had great food every time .
everything was fantastic and the server was very informative and helpful .
the prices were the best i have found in the greater las vegas area .
the hotel front desk host were very sweet and they are all pretty .
this was after the hostess quoted us _num_ minutes of wait time .
one of my favorite dishes here is the quesadilla ( see attached photo ) .
everything we ordered was delicious , the lamp chops were the best !
very nice atmosphere and plenty of room at the bar which was nice .
this is a great place that always serves up delicious food and drinks .
the hotel is located off the strip and next to a gas station .
but i picked up my car today and it looks fantastic .
the weekend champagne brunch is also a great value at under $ _num_ .
julie was patient and so helpful and made the experience really wonderful .
i should never have accepted the car , again my mistake .
i had to pick one star but it does n't even earn one .
i told him that salmon does not take this long to grill .
a well oiled operation with amazing timing on delivering the courses hot and delicious .
their `` cave creek '' salad is delicious and literally every dish is massive .
price per night during the week was $ _num_ way too expensive .
both dishes were amazing and their chips and dip were n't bad either .
if you are looking for a staycation , this is not the place .
the prices were way too high for this low quality of food .
i love the french dip and the breakfast sandwich on the bagels .
everything is very well organized , and there are tons of treasures to discover !
the staff was very friendly but the food was incredibly bland .
one of the best southwest flavor meals i have had in the valley .
the price for the standard room is very spacious and affordable .
note ... this is a _num_ lbs dog that i was carrying .
got a reuben that was probably the best i ever had .
the taste of decor in this place is updated with a classic feel .
they just do not seem to care about the customer anymore .
southwest airlines is like the walmart store flying in the sky .
she always seems to just get it right and the prices are extremely affordable .
the banana cream pie was a good end to our breakfast .
i stayed here for a work trip the second time in _num_ months .
no matter what i order on the menu it always brings me pleasure .
and oh yeah , it takes _num_ mins to get here from north scottsdale .
they have the most diverse beer selection i 've ever seen .
the bar and tables are cheap , so no problem there .
at 4pm this would be annoying , but at 10pm this is unacceptable .
the did n't have the plate i needed and they did not care .
parking is kind of crazy , but totally worth the hassle !
when i tried to call back , she refused to answer the phone .
went to the penn & teller show christmas eve was fantastic .
i ca n't imagine this place being the most sanitary after that .
a customer and a waitress ( not even mine ) apologized .
they do what they are supposed to do and they do it well .
this place has atmosphere , great service and `` big ass '' food .
he said he would be happy to have a look at my camera .
the best part about casey 's is the variety of the crowd .
the _num_ cheese ravioli was great but the service was awful .
one couple only had a salad , appetizer and tea for crying out loud !
his reply was a dry `` we 'll do what we can '' .
instead , customer service insisted that my mom give back her kohl 's cash .
it is a great intimate setting to listen to live music .
& really enjoyed the garden eggs benedict ( with mushrooms & spinach ) !
cool salon , fun staff , awesome do 's and great prices .
i visited macayo 's because i heard that they had a gluten-free menu .
this place is a whole in the wall and had some good food !
the food is as good as it gets and the service is better !
also , there seems to be some sort of bug problem .
i also spoke to other parents that were happy with the lessons .
the staff are so friendly and answered any questions we had .
now , sadly we cross off yet another mexican restaurant here in tempe .
i reviewed the parking on their parking website and it was never posted .
it did n't have that much flavor , and was pretty bland .
takes forever to get your bags , at least from american airlines .
highly recommended place to shop for a new pair of glasses .
i thought the best part was the ambiance outside by the waterfall .
not to mention we had to explain to our son what just happened .
stayed here for the first time because of great rate - definitely impressed !
the steak itself was done in most parts - very pink in other parts .
how does this place get such good reviews i do n't get it ?
prices were very reasonable as well plus the service was great .
the best items on the menu are the fajitas and the fajita fundido burrito .
now for the good stuff : great location , able to walk to everything !
blt is by far - the best restaurant in the city .
i shut off the water to the cooler and turned off the cooler itself .
the staff are very friendly and they keep the coffee flowing .
i waited _num_ minutes to go see a show i already had tickets to .
plus they speak english well enough to understand any questions you may have .
uncle joe 's is in my top _num_ favorite pizza spots in vegas !
this would have been true customer service even in a hard situation .
the hotel was nice , the room was perfect for us .
the picture of our site was completely deceiving , check out space _num_ .
if i could give this less than a star a would .
just thinking about flying into this airport makes my skin crawl .
half the reason i wanted asian food was for the spice .
i enjoyed staying at the alexis park with my two good buddies .
i recommend this fine mexican establishment if you are in scottsdale !
ate her again and it is poor food , the service was reasonable .
i 've always had a great time at del frisco 's .
a manager came over and offered me a drink coupon for my next visit .
not so sweet and right on the spot with the cream served .
the only upside was the beer was very reasonably priced for happy hour .
i have tried all the beers , and i love them all .
food was good but the owner should consider using the ac .
the fish had no flavor at all as it had n't been seasoned .
this place is great - it has great food for very reasonable prices .
the pork pastrami sandwich was pretty to look at & delicious too .
love it here , after their big remodel the wait is n't as long .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
nothing super fancy on the menu - just wholesome , authentic mexican food .
hell id even take taco bell over this highly priced , awful establishment !
if the walls were thicker i would n't be able to hear them .
the belly dancer was very good and the service was excellent .
* wifi would allow me to stay in my room instead of gambling .
i 've also referred several friends and they have all been extremely happy .
our room was big and comfy and the room service was excellent .
we also did n't get a menu for almost _num_ minutes .
the rooms are clean and the common areas are well maintained .
the food is superb and the filet mignon was done perfectly .
she helped with my tux selection because she has excellent taste .
maybe i am not the only one who feels this way ?
my wife was so appalled that she turned around and walked out .
this place is always on point , food is excellent , service is professional .
