best prime ribs i ever had .
really a great meal experience in every way .
the ladies there were very friendly and helpful .
it was a cool night here near phoenix , az .
now that is terrible costumer service .
food was excellent .
such a cool site .
i was really embarrassed .
i trust them !
the hamburger was dry .
i love benihana in general .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
designed to fall out ?
a+ for customer service .
price for rooms were great .
it was great .
all you can eat .
bland and overpriced .
i was there for _num_ hours .
maybe they were tired .
that takes them _num_ minutes to make .
lovely atmosphere beautiful location .
the prices are also very fair .
no thank you .
the food is good .
that information was obviously wrong .
kind of divey but good .
excellent indian food in vegas .
server was very friendly .
this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in .
great little bar ... .
the only problem was the bed and the awful sheets !
love this place !
their buffet is terrible .
me & my friend had already finished our courses .
the desserts are a must !
very fast delivery .
fluffy eggs , perfect bacon .
italian food at its best !
talk about a surprise !
great food with great service !
this is a hidden gem .
this agents office is outstanding .
the sandwiches are super delicious !
thank you greg !
i was happily surprised at the helpfulness and honesty .
the customer service is soooo soooo poor !
it is definitely out of my price range .
felt totally ripped off .
this place sucks for non smokers !
manager apologized , did n't take plate away .
service was poor .
he did an amazing job !
both were huge , yummy , and very well priced !
never going back !
he is knowledgable and has great experience in the industry .
they offer a good selection of breakfast and lunch items .
this tasted like fish sauce with water .
everyone was perfectly full afterwards .
thank you for making our special day perfect !
what a great experience and amazing food !
price was reasonable .
the beer flights are fun too .
that would be great to see .
pizza , great .
top notch food .
the food just was n't good .
this place is phenomenal .
clean and friendly atmosphere .
she said sorry , and that was it .
i went last night it was great.
we will definitely return .
the exhaust vent had loads of dust .
the buffet here is good as well .
hard to leave pleased .
my favorite chinese food in az !
i do n't deal well with bad service like that !
games on every tv and music sounds amazing .
great selection , friendly staff , and quality product .
the receptionist was even rude .
plus , the food was really delicious .
do n't bother going .
how pathetic is that ?
made it on time for their happy hour !
very professional , friendly and knowledgeable .
everything is perfectly cooked and flavored well .
we will definitely be going back .
this place is just ok .
give them a chance to quote you .
the worst fish & chips ever !
this place is soooooo good !
best services i ever had !
i was happily surprised how good the pizza was .
really low key , affordable , amazing food !
took _num_ minutes from arrival to being served .
highly recommend the bbq chicken !
the rooms were large and the bathrooms great .
this place is friendly and amazing in my opinion .
it is such a chill place .
from the very beginning things started to go wrong .
their philly cheese steaks are also delicious !
it is a ton of fun !
for now , there 's nothing to bring me back .
they remember our names and our orders !
you really must visit the food court .
service was slow .
the food is excellent and the service matches .
mike ( manager ) & tina are terrific .
it was always so tasty , colorful and fun !
great personality , great skill as a barber !
waited again , referrals never submitted per my insurance company .
cheese not even slightly melted on the inside .
first off , the place was dirty .
delicious arizona chili and fresh bread heaven !
great visit , easy diagnosis and treatment .
best happy hour prices for the freshest seafood around .
furniture was comfortable and practical .
we will definitely be back !
food i wouldnt think id like , but loved .
plus they have good wifi .
they now charge for debit card fee !
they have the best wine selection in town .
this place is the best !
but i expected a little more from this one .
craft beers , great food at fast food prices .
that makes no sense whatsoever .
very little duck meat .
terrible terrible customer service .
much cheaper that the corner lot .
authentic middle eastern food !
with the creamy cole slaw it was a perfect combination .
his staff is courteous , knowledgeable and super friendly .
i loved the hawaiian bbq beef .
i ordered fettuccine alfredo with chicken .
you can trust this business .
sushi here is tasty and of okay size .
very disappointed and will not go back .
even better than pf changs .
great staff and wonderful food .
i will not recommend this place or go back .
- $ _num_ blackjack tables .
really knows her stuff very good personality to boot .
the worst part was the bacon .
this is a awesome coffee shop in downtown mesa !
the staff was extremely friendly and polite !
the steak tastes amazing .
the quality has gone down noticeably .
and it 's because your lacking honesty about the food .
the food here is spectacular .
wanting to take some of their wedding classes !
i would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone .
had a very pleasant experience .
i walked over there and it wasnt close .
meatballs were n't bad , but nobody wants soggy pizza .
i was pretty disappointed .
i tried out at home and loved it !
the drinks took _num_ minutes .
i love this place !
a rare find these days !
she sounded like she could care less also .
clearly , the chef has not heard of seasonings .
good work , thanks .
very busy place and i question the cleanliness .
we were happy he could have his own practice .
the meatball sandwich and the sausage were outstanding .
went in on a friday afternoon around _num_ .
it is family run and the donuts are always fresh .
the only thing redeeming were quality servers .
my family has gone here for years !
i recommend you sandwich lovers to dine here .
the salad cart is the best part of the meal .
i will be going back for more !
room service awesome .
food was excellent .
hugo 's cellar is a must !
the waitstaff is awesome .
i love this place .
there were small pieces of potato chips on the floor .
it was an delicious waffle .
the only word i can use is amazing .
so that was the biggest upgrade .
it is n't that hard .
this is a great local spot .
and im hard to please !
i do n't even like walking through the casino .
and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat .
repairs are always done well and at a reasonable rate .
we will go back on our next trip for sure !
they have great , personable customer service and incredible food .
love this place !
everyone was pleased !
not enough of the traditional spices .
this place is so good .
not worth the price if it 's not maintained .
ignoring it was not appropriate though .
which was kinda on the flat side .
this is definitely a hole in wall .
it 's a disgusting motel .
thanks cody , you 're very talented .
everything was excellent .
