i 'm only reviewing based on me calling in and placing my order .
first mistake was staying at circus circus hotel .
just come here during dinner time and you too can find out .
_num_ week later they charged me $ _num_ for gas .
the attendants do a poor job on the interior and windows .
but there 's not much to get on or do .
that is the biggest bull crap i have ever heard .
now it 's a major money drain .
service is just way too slow at that place .
i actually sent it back -- and i never do that .
we got seated right away but the service after that was slow .
long and you have no room to walk in the store .
this review is n't about this specific store , but about the company .
the gnocchi was mushy .
the hamburger was dry .
these girls were nothing to look at with faces for radio .
the lakes course was decent but the canyon should not even be open .
this is the worst mcdonald 's i have ever been to .
i hate drunk giants fans - minus _num_ stars !
in the beginning , i will admit that i was satisfied .
so do n't upgrade .
i got really pissed at this point and ran out of there .
i selected the pacific bay clam chowder and took it home .
the plain naan which i love elsewhere , was tasteless .
at several points , nobody was present for service of any sort .
this was n't the bust of our trip , though .
this place is racist .
the whole experience was awful .
this might also explain the awful chinese food at the buffet , angry cooks !
i apologized and told her that i was unable to eat it .
the pool with the slides the arcade with all those toys to win !
be careful , this fine print will most likely cost me $ _num_ !
i do n't even know why they ask how you want your haircut .
my fianc had a bean burrito enchilada style .
last time i went , my roommate ordered `` vegetarian spring rolls . ''
i would not take a car here , nor will i ever return .
not enough table games for anyone into those .
wow , were we wrong !
the worst kfc ever .
handed the keys and was told _num_ hours .
very annoying .
and that is not an exaggeration , i timed it .
there was a about _num_ people in the whole place .
horrible .
the pizza was overly salty , the crust was hard and tasted very bad .
i asked for medium rare , one of the _num_ sliders was overcooked .
was nasty .
came from lunch , spent $ _num_ and will not return .
this place is not worth the time .
the egg drop soup was old and tasted like feet .
i 'm full and disappointed .
i placed my order nearly _num_ months in advance and relaxed .
the horses have no shade .
painfully slow service .
horrible .
the nurse came in like no big deal .
all of which were completely unacceptable .
they are slowly starting to go downhill .
my patient 's needs will be met by someone else .
i 'm recommending that none of my friends and family stay here .
i 've been using the same veterinarian for four years and trust their diagnosis .
i 've been waiting for my to go plate for like _num_ minutes !
but this was just ridiculous .
but what was disturbing is that every single table was filthy !
i ended up getting _num_ hours of sleep and checking out of the place .
depressing .
the service has become pretty bad , and they charge cover now .
plus , no side veggies , no bread , nothing .
so here 's your survey : your ed has gone downhill .
this has not had a bite out of it either !
only to find out they do n't have the same food .
so disappointed .
i called the dealer and they never called me back .
everytime i used their bathroom there 's so many crap around .
it 's far to walk to get down to where the action is .
according to the owner , this is always bad business .
_num_ mechanics sitting around and ca n't get it .
the service at thanksgiving dinner was the worst i 've ever seen .
will not be returning for service from this shop .
horrible customer service on top of filthy environment !
$ _num_ beers .
there really was n't much taste , just salty .
do n't eat here .
- this place just sucked .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .
after all that , she brought us _num_ glasses of very cold sangria .
stay clear from this hell hole .
the casino itself sucks .
so we stopped going for a while .
horrible !
it is no big deal .
i mean guy could n't see me eating the food .
omg horrible !
no smile , just attitude .
go to george and dragon in phoenix if you want real fish and chips .
our food stopped coming and we were barely approached .
i 'm hoping our next dining experience here will be better .
they are not very busy , but have been around forever .
from the wait time to management , the whole experience was a nightmare .
never saying they are only splitting the second night !
such a nasty attitude .
i should 've followed my gut when i first walked through the doors .
we have been to many expensive steakhouses and this by far is the worst .
when you get past the quantity you realize that the food is pretty bland .
no thanks !
sad to say this my last visit .
none was provided .
overall , i would probably never order from here again .
more embarrassment !
over priced and not clean .
the chop sticks could hardly even hold the weight and size of the thing .
i will never order from here again , not worth it .
terrible service and worse food !
in fact , it had no flavor the sauce lacked any zip to it .
that was january and this is august .
it was horrible !
it is a large place , the largest in the world i 'm told .
if i had to , i would book a room there , again .
they claim they accept insurance , then they do n't .
i asked again for waters ; nope ... .
looks like i 'm breaking the trend of five-star reviews .
i would hardly say _num_ strawberries are worth _num_ .
it was accompanied by doughy garlic bread .
i could n't even bring myself to try it .
wrong .
for a restaurant located in old scottsdale i would expect better .
only one roulette table in operation in the casino .
do n't give them your business , apparently they do n't need it .
i literally walked out without eating .
all the more reason to fix , right ?
our bad .
seems like a lack of truth in advertising .
not nyc style pizza .
very disappointed .
they checked out the wrong room .
the pizza was very reminiscent of the midwest and made me think of home .
would highly not recommend the walnut shrimp .
very sad to lose this love of ours in vegas .
so half of us never got our drinks .
problem _num_ , risk management .
almost all of them are chinese i do n't know that is the reason .
good reason , it was poorly prepared .
the tire pressure light kept coming on and i 'd add air .
will not go again .
this whole end of the strip is sketchy .
let 's begin this list .
_num_ i arrived at the hotel .
horrible .
i would n't waste a penny more on this old has been !
however , the service was just short of horrendous .
however this was not friendly at all !
the community is quiet that is the only good thing about this place .
she remembered my dad from last time ( i thought that was cool ) .
i stood in line for _num_ mins and no one took my order .
i had an appointment , no one showed up .
this property is desperately in need of an update .
i should give it no stars , but it wo n't let me .
i asked for a beef patty and the patty was literally falling apart .
food is mediocre .
the service was very bad .
the service in this lv store was lackluster .
a salesperson by the name of tim was at the counter .
the sausage links were equal to what is served in hospital or buffet line .
they have the worst customer service ever .
the service was very slow .
actually , his whole meal was probably forgotten and then stuck in the microwave .
the place has a smell and the beer was not good .
living across the street , i 've been to this place a couple times .
they 're not friendly , but they 're not rude .
i was so hungry i didnt care .
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .
maybe _num_ star was too high a rating come to think of it .
i ordered the soup and salad off the lunch menu .
never will go back ... go to another place .
and leave the single person with poor service !
i was looking for something specific and i did n't find any stacked .
terrible service .
as it stands , there is very little to do .
the worst stomach ache and diarrhea known to man .
hiding the free weights is n't a fun game .
i guess that 's where we went wrong .
only reviewing the breakfast buffet .
i 'm not sure how to describe them .
was looking for something cheap to spend one more night in vegas .
just ... no .
knock _num_ times ?
whatever it was , we wo n't be going back .
i had a terrible piece of meat .
do not waste your money .
really bad service .
one star is for the movie theater , it 's super empty !
the refried beans were bland and the rice overcooked and mushy .
it 's just weird .
rude at the front desk check in and check out .
only adding a star because i have to .
no one from hotel management bothered to check on us .
we were told no , not at all .
i have never been to any benihana before .
the food was mushy like it had been sitting awhile .
no call back .
