i love visiting new department stores because everything is so new and clean .
the food tastes better and the service is good .
this place is good mexican food !
top notch !
it tasted fresh and the half size is the perfect portion for lunch .
every time i go , the food is incredible .
your kids will have fun .
very nice doing business with you .
i 'll definitely revisit when i 'm back in town !
the most romantic restaurant in vegas !
our food was great too .
thank you !
unbelievably delicate , medium rare , absolutely fabulous .
went here tonight for the first time and had a very enjoyable experience .
... and the view of those fountains just makes for a lovely evening .
not an every day adventure for sure , but we will definitely return !
the fresh baked on site bread is amazing !
great atmosphere inside and out .
really nice layout and everything is new and updated .
but the pho has me hooked .
i had a great pedicure .
i really like this chipotle .
keep the river clean !
love this spot !
but the real pleasure is the service department .
this place is always good .
he was super helpful and informative .
check your food !
very friendly staff !
a great rv place !
the wine list is very pricey but has an incredible collection of great wines .
they were so good !
excellent service and helped me pick out several pieces for the house .
the tempe location in particular has a wonderful atmosphere .
unique experience !
amazing breakfast - fresh squeezed oj !
had a tom type of soup with coconut milk that was really fantastic .
we always have good service .
service has always been very attentive and accurate .
my husband loved baked mussels too .
if not , then please enjoy your chipotle !
the one thing i will mention about the tapas : seafood dishes are good .
wonderful staff .
yes , people , she 's that good .
the location , views , and grounds are all unbeatable .
great hotel with great location .
brooke was very friendly and listened to what i wanted .
the wife and i eat here for our anniversary every year .
i must compliment the food today !
i love this place .
great looking place , clean .
we got a fun book with things that were actually useful .
they have pretty good bands and decent food .
note my family also likes the regular candy !
just good old fashion dinner food .
thanks guys !
love how quiet it is making it good for conversation .
decent food prices and fun gambling .
great place to dine while visiting scottsdale !
this place is yum !
always a great place to come food and atmosphere .
the employees are very nice !
best deal in town hands down .
especially the manager , mike !
turned a `` negative '' into a `` positive '' .
the bartenders are super friendly and introduced us to their specials .
it comes with some delicious , warm pita bread .
so far this is good in vegas !
each of us had seafood and it was very tasty .
i wish had the skills to write how good this place is .
had so much sushi and it was all really good .
i had my car detailed today after taking it on a road trip .
nice added touch is the personal door service .
the food is wonderful .
went for a summer vacation and i think we found our vegas hotel .
beat every other company significantly .
manny was just great with awesome service !
the servers were really nice and helped me pick a tasty beer .
the potato , bacon and egg burritos are amazing !
most beautiful restaurant i 've ever been to .
their $ _num_ extra large pizza is huge and delicious !
pita jungle is one of my favorites in town !
very happy on how they resolved the problem .
got great service and pretty nails .
i always enjoy the holiday light displays .
awesome customer service friendly knowledgeable staff !
i highly recommend !
great baskin robbins !
the food at the spa restaurant is very good .
tony and jesus are also excellent servers .
my favorite breakfast spot !
the friendly competent service .
excellent service for s reasonable price .
best florist in town .
i love this place they have great customer service .
love it !
the staff is very friendly and happy to have you there .
hands down best breakfast burritos around !
he made sure that our experience was perfect .
the owner , dan , helped us personally .
engine installed , runs great and done right .
i 've always had a positive experience at las .
the root beer is delicious too !
the breakfast chicken fried steak at midnight on a tuesday after work is amazing !
see you guys soon .
excellent place !
i also love the restaurant there - elements .
i 'm hooked .
this was such a fantastic day and a tremendous learning about frank lloyd wright .
dr. diana is a very kind and understanding and helpful person .
the bagel sandwich was warm and tasted good and a little overpriced .
service is efficient and food is good .
great food !
good if you have young ones .
the food is amazing and all of the staff are really nice !
during the walk thru will was very informative on every aspect of the house .
everyone already knows how good they are .
so great .
portions are huge and service is quick and friendly .
i love wong 's place .
great food , great pricing and quick , friendly delivery .
amazing food !
the landscape is beautiful and the floor plans are generous .
and the fries are amazing with that seasoning on them !
the menu has changed quite bit and the food has become unique .
staff so friendly and professional and it 's never feels like dentist office !
i never write reviews on yelp but zizzo is seriously so great !
a real italian deli .
and you definitely have to order a pitcher of the sangria .
good food , awesome atmosphere , great staff .
hot , fresh , delicious .
i love my hair every time i walk out of the salon .
nice stiff drinks for decent price .
korma is amazing ... vindaloo was soooo good !
they have the best coleslaw , coconut shrimp , and ribs .
cool spot in a hot town .
thank you nick for all your help !
wow !
best place in vegas !
kid 's clothes are amazing , name brands and very cheap !
the salads are delicious as well !
a perfect place for its location .
thanks !
the service was great , the food was great !
the amount of food you get is huge .
i would highly recommend it .
great customer service and their coffee rocks !
the dining room was pretty cozy and had nice atmosphere .
highly recommend this beautiful , peaceful , modern spa .
they take their time and do a great job !
the new location is way , way better .
i 've always loved southwest airlines since i was a little girl .
overall very good restaurant and highly recommend it .
the staff is always nice and makes you feel welcome .
lots of room , and very good service .
if i will buy another house i will sure call kevin again !
highly recommend this restaurant .
she 's thorough and does a clean job .
delivery for a friday night was pretty fast and the pizza was good .
i just want to thank them for all the great accomodations .
make sure you take some extra bbq sauce with you !
we came in for happy hour and the bar filled up fast .
exceedingly good care .
best local breakfast place i 've found in glendale !
staff is friendly .
so five stars for the food and _num_ for the service .
two thumbs up !
mmmm ... good .
i would definitely recommend this place to a friend !
good sized portions and reasonable prices .
the service has always been _num_ star , outstanding .
it 's always been a delightful experience when getting paired up at legend trail .
it was nice to see some familiar faces from _num_ .
i love that they added new restaurants .
very professional .
really cool spot .
highly recommended .
i love getting my nails done here .
she is very honest with me and i appreciate that .
this is the best hotel in downtown for sure .
it 's the best !
that 's a quick turnaround , nice !
breakfast burrito is the best !
he was very professional and helpful .
everything is outstanding .
hit this place up !
nice place .
this bar is an absolute amazing place to be !
the service was very good .
the staff were super nice and the service was great .
the must be that good .
food was really good , fresh ingredients and very well displayed .
overall a good experience and will be back here again .
excellent pizza and double baked wings !
rick was outstanding .
a fun place to go and have a good time .
got in quick and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly .
excellent sushi buffet with hot items as well .
our family had the best time here .
one of my best places to go , the steak cilantro is my fav .
